Allow setting per-tile z index in tileset (#44)
mapeditor/tiled-to-godot-export: README.md

```
Don't forget to add key/mouse/controller mapping for the "reload_scene" action ;)

### Z index for tile layer and single tile

You can set the z-index for the whole tilelayer by adding a custom property `z_index`. This will set the z-index of the tile layer in the scene file.

> You can also set the z-index for a single tile in a tileset by adding a custom property `godot:z_index` to the tile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set the z-index for tiles in a tileset by adding a custom float property `godot:z_index` to the tile. This is stored in the exported tileset file.
```
Just wondering if the docs are a little more clear this way.
